Sometimes it can be a huge pain to make breakfast in the morning, especially when it comes to large families. If you want to save some time and try out a new recipe, a hash brown casserole might be just what you need. You can put this together the night before so when you wake up there is a delicious breakfast waiting! If you have a self-timed slow cooker this will be even easier to make. Start by mixing together your cream of mushroom condensed soup, sour cream, salt, pepper, onion and cheese in a large bowl. After these are well combined, add in the hash browns and mix gently. Spray your slow cooker with some non-stick cooking spray or coat with butter. Pour the hash brown mixture into your slow cooker and put the cover on. Turn the slow cooker on high and leave for 1 to 1.5 hours. After this, turn the heat to low and leave it on for 2.5 hours longer. Turn off slow cooker and serve right away! Keep on warm if you plan on waiting to enjoy for a little bit longer. If you want to add something unique to this recipe, add your favorite vegetables. Broccoli and cheese work well together, but peppers also taste great. You can also add in cooked sausage or bacon if you want some meat in the dish. This is a very forgiving recipe that you can play around with and change if you want to add or omit something. You can do everything from adding in some garlic to switching the flavor of condensed soup you use. Tender bits of thinly sliced beef and mushrooms, cooked in a delectable creamy sauce. What could be a more ideal family dinner dish? Beef stroganoff was first made by a Russian chef back in the late 19th century. After World War II, US servicemen brought the recipe home to American shores, and its popularity quickly spread. Increase heat to high and add beef, working in batches if needed. Brown well on each side, but avoid burning. Sprinkle salt and pepper on the beef, then take the meat out of the pan and set aside. In same skillet, add the shallots or onions, and cook for one to two minutes. Allow the shallots to soak up the drippings from the beef. Remove shallots from the pan and move to the same bowl as the beef. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter or olive oil. Add the mushrooms and cook over medium-high heat. Cook for about 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Sprinkle tarragon and nutmeg onto the mushrooms. Reduce heat and add the sour cream to the mushrooms. Turn to very low heat. Dilute, if needed, with one or two tablespoons of water. Mix thoroughly. Do not allow the mixture to boil or simmer because the sour cream will curdle if it does. Add the beef and shallots. Mix thoroughly so that the beef and mushrooms are well coated with the sauce. Add salt and pepper according to your taste. Want a delicious breakfast or snack item that is also rich in fiber? Right up there near the top of the healthy breakfast list are bran muffins. Mix together the wheat bran and buttermilk. Let the mixture stand for about 10 minutes. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Beat the egg, then add the oil, vanilla extract, and sugar in another bowl. Line each compartment of the muffin pan with paper muffin liners. If muffin liners are not available, just grease each compartment of the muffin pan lightly with a little vegetable oil. Add to the bran and buttermilk mixture to the egg mixture. Then add this liquid mix to the dry ingredients in the big bowl. Mix everything only until the ingredients are blended together. Do not overmix. Each muffin cup must be only three-fourths full. This will allow the muffins to rise but not spill over during baking. Test for doneness by inserting a wooden toothpick into the center of one of the muffins. If the toothpick comes out clean, the muffins are ready. Once your muffins are done, remove them from the oven and let them cool for a few minutes before serving. Good old chocolate chip cookies are delicious, but if you want something different for a change, why not give peanut butter cookies a try? Peanut butter tastes great not only on bread but in cookies as well. In a big bowl, thoroughly cream the peanut butter and butter together using a spatula. Mix in the brown sugar and white sugar and keep creaming. In another bowl, sift together the baking soda, baking powder, flour, and salt. Now add this dry mixture into the wet mixture you set aside earlier, and mix well until you have a smooth batter. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the batter for around 3 hours or more. Divide the dough into little balls. These will be your cookies. Put the ungreased cookie sheet on the baking pan. Arrange the balls on the cookie sheets, leaving around 3 inches of space between each of them. Using a fork, flatten each ball and create crisscross patterns on it. Now take the cookies out of the oven and wait for them to cool before taking a big bite. Happy eating! Bake the cookies for around 10 minutes. Now take the cookies out of the oven and wait for them to cool before taking a big bite. Happy eating! Cheddar Chive biscuits are the perfect option to the brunch table. They are usually served fresh from the over with maple syrup along with a pat of butter. Blending all these flavors together gives out a delicious result. You can serve it along with sea foods. Let us move on to the ingredients needed for preparing cheddar chive biscuits. The rich creamy taste of cheese combines with the sweet, crunchy goodness of graham crackers in this classic New York style recipe. Now, while purists may prefer their cheesecakes as plain as this, do feel free to experiment with different types of toppings if you like. Now this cheesecake is delectable as it is, but if you like, you can also top it with fresh fruits or glazed fruits such as strawberries, cherries, blueberries, peach, apple, or a combination of any of these. Be sure to place the fruit glazing once the cheesecake cools, just before you put the cheesecake in the refrigerator. Or drizzle your cake with chocolate syrup or caramel just before serving. Or sprinkle it with crushed cinnamon or cocoa powder. 